## Version 0.1.0

### Breaking changes

**elm** and **elmFinder**:
- Removed functions **elm.find**, **elm.wait**, **elm.printAll**, **elm.Find**, **elm.Wait**. Now use **elmFinder.Find** etc with the new syntax.
- Now *role* parameter cannot contain path. Instead use the new path syntax.
- The *prop* parameter type now is **Strings**, and separator is `|` (was `\0`). If substrings contain `|`, use `new("substring", "substring")`.
- In *prop* use `desc` instead of `description`.
- Removed property **elmFinder.NavigFailed**.
- Renamed **elm.Navigate** parameter *secondsToWait* to *waitS*.
- **elm.VirtualClick** renamed to **elm.PostClick** and added parameters *x y*.
- **elm.SimpleElementId** renamed to **elm.Item**. In *prop* use `item` instead of `elem`.

Now functions **Find** and **Wait** of all finders (**wndFinder**, **wndChildFinder**, **elmFiner**, **uiimageFinder**) return the found object, not bool. Functions **Exists** return bool.

Removed **wndFinder** conversion from string.

From **wnd**, **elm** and **uiimage** removed operator + that was used to throw **NotFoundException**. Instead use 'find' function overloads with parameter *waitS*.

**DStringList** renamed to **Strings**.

In **dialog** functions, the *buttons* parameter type now is **Strings**.

String extension methods **FindAny**, **FindNot**, **FindLastAny** and **FindLastNot** now have parameter *range* instead of *startOfRange* and *endOfRange*.

**IFArea** tuple casts replaced with constructors. Eg instead of `uiimage.find((w, (1, 2, 3, 4)), "image")` use `uiimage.find(new(w, (1, 2, 3, 4)), "image")`.

In **uiimage** and **uiimageFinder** functions renamed parameter *colorDiff* to *diff*. Also its range now is 0 - 100.

Renamed **wnd.WaitForCondition** to **wnd.WaitFor**.

In **wnd.Child** added parameter *id* instead of `***id` in *name*. Same in **wndChildFinder** constructor etc.

Removed **wnd.ChildById**. Instead use code like `w.Child(id: 15)`.

**elm.RoleInt** for custom roles returns **ERole.Custom**, not 0.

Removed **WButton** and **wnd.AsButton**.

Changed **wnd.ButtonClick** parameters and how it works.

Removed **wnd.OwnerWindow**. Use `w.Get.Owner` and **WndUtil.SetOwnerWindow**.

From **wnd.Activate** removed parameter waitMS.

Renamed classes: **timerm** -> **timer**; **timert** -> **timer2**.

Removed **EXYFlags.NoThrow**. Now **elm.fromXY** and **elm.fromMouse** don't throw.

Class **Dpi**: removed property **SupportPMOnWin8_1**. Instead added parameter *supportWin81* in functions. Removed **OfWindow** parameter *ofScreen*.


### Other changes
Many changes in **elm** and **elmFinder** classes and in the "Find UI element" dialog. The **Find** function can use intermediate elements (path) and can wait and throw exception if not found. Better supports high DPI screens.

Replaced syntax of finding UI elements (**elm**). Now instead of code `var e = elm.find(w, ...)` use code `var e = w.Elm[...].Find()` or `var e = w.Elm[...][...][...].Find()`.

Uses .NET 6.
